pages for account section v2 (#94)
bump-sh/docs: docs/help/account/billing.md

# Billing

The Billing section of your account provides access to the following items:

- information about your current plan
- your invoice history
- your billing details

> Bump.sh offers monthly or annual billing. Payment is by credit card only; we do not offer any alternatives at this time. We use Stripe to handle all payments, so we never store your bank details.

Reviewer: I would rework this sentence to inform customers that we plan to add more payment means, and also I'd add a link to Stripe's website.

Author: 👍

## Invoices

> ### Edit Your Billing Information

Reviewer: Why do we upcase each word? It's not something we used to do in the current doc version, is there any reason to change this? (Real question, I don't have any strong opinion on this)

Author: 👍

> You can edit the following billing information so that it appears on your upcoming invoices:

Reviewer: It's more an addition than an edition, WDYT?

```suggestion
You can add the following billing information so that it appears on your upcoming invoices:
```

Reviewer 2: IIRC, the billing information is added during the subscription in the subscription funnel. At least in the nominal use case, people can then edit what they entered previously.

Author: I'd stick to "edit" tbh, I feel aligned to Chris comment

Reviewer: LGTM 👍

- Company name
- Address
- VAT Number

:::info

> Edited information will only appear on future invoices; it is not possible to edit the details of an already created invoice.

Reviewer: Not my best English here but you get the idea.

```suggestion
Updating your billing information will only apply to future invoices; it is not possible to edit the details of an already created invoice.
```

Author: Modifying but not 100% sure.

Reviewer: LGTM 👍

:::

### Invoices

> Every month, we send your invoice in PDF format to the email address linked to your account. You can specify an alternative email address to which they will be sent, for your accounting department, for example.

Reviewer: It's not an alternative email, it's an additional one: we sill send the invoice to the user's address.

Author: If a billing email is added there, do we send the invoices to both email addresses? (the admin/user one and the billing one?)

Reviewer: Yep 👍

On this page, you will also find a history of your invoices, available in PDF.

### Taxes

> We apply taxes in accordance with current regulations. Three scenarios are possible:

Reviewer: You mention three scenarios here, but we only list 2 below, I think we should update this sentence.

> - you or your company reside outside of Europe: we do not apply VAT.

Reviewer 2: It should be only about company/business residency, and disregard the employee residency. I can work for a german company: if I purchase a tool for that company, VAT rules will apply according the the german location of the company.

If we believe there's a legitimate use case about individuals/freelancers purchasing the tool, and that we thereby cannot talk about a "company", I would switch the vocabulary to "billing address".

Example:
```
- your billing address is located outside of Europe: we do not apply VAT.
- your billing address is located in Europe: we apply VAT.
```

TBC, but I think there are actually 3 cases:
- out of Europe (no VAT)
- In France (charge 20%)
- not in France, but in Europe (No VAT)

Reviewer 2: Louise know everything about VAT ;)

Author: 👍

Reviewer: > TBC, but I think there are actually 3 cases:
> 
> out of Europe (no VAT)
> In France (charge 20%)
> not in France, but in Europe (No VAT)

Nope. In Europe, we do not apply VAT if the user does provide a VAT number (there's a specific accounting rule on this, which is applied in our billing system).

- you or your company reside in Europe: we apply a 20% VAT unless you provide your VAT number in your billing details.

## Payment Issues

> In the event of an issue with the charge on your credit card, Stripe will make several debit attempts in the following days. If, despite these attempts, payment remains unsuccessful, our Support team will contact you to assist in finding a solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event of an issue with the charge on your credit card, our payment processor Stripe will make several debit attempts in the following days. If, despite these attempts, payment remains unsuccessful, our Support team will contact you to assist in finding a solution.
```

Reviewer 2: To be exact, and as per the configuration of our Stripe account: Stripe will retry up to 4 times in 3 weeks to charge the credit card that was entered in the system. "Using machine learning, Smart Retries chooses the best times to retry failed payment attempts to increase the chance of successfully paying an invoice."

It could be worth mentioning that customers will get a warning 7 days upfront of the payment if their card is expired.

Sources:
https://stripe.com/docs/billing/revenue-recovery/smart-retries#smart-retries
![image](https://github.com/bump-sh/docs/assets/7700560/558a28f7-5300-4bfc-a9b5-f350097dca6f)

Reviewer: @jayk-u you didn't respond to this comment, how do you want to proceed?

- information about your current plan
- your invoice history
- your billing details

Bump.sh offers monthly or annual billing. We use [Stripe](https://stripe.com/) to handle all payments, so we never store your bank details.

:::info
Payment is made by credit card only. We are considering offering alternative payment methods in the future.
:::

## Invoices

### Edit your billing information

You can edit the following billing information so that it appears on your upcoming invoices:

- Company name
- Address
- VAT Number

:::info
Updating your billing information will only apply to future invoices; it is not possible to edit the details of an already created invoice.
:::

### Invoices

Every month, we send your invoice in PDF format to the email address linked to your account. You can specify an additionnal email address to which they will be sent, for your accounting department, for example.

On this page, you will also find a history of your invoices, available in PDF.

### Taxes

We apply taxes in accordance with current regulations. Three scenarios are possible:

- your billing address is located outside of Europe: we do not apply VAT.

> - your billing address is located in Europe (except France): we do not apply VAT.

Reviewer: Nope : we do apply 20% VAT for European accounts not providing a VAT number. We do not apply VAT for European (except France) accounts providing a VAT number.

This is a crazy rule, I know 😂 (but not our choice, this is what our accountant told us to implement)
